Remember to give benign data. eat bread or butter. can you wait for me.
wait for me. waitfor me. the meeting was delayed. delay the meeting.
what is your full name. he is doing his home work
select from following menu. selected. a. b. abcd. how are you. get out. go out.
kick him. a quick brown fox. a quick brown. quick brown fox. quick brown fox jumps. over the lazy dog. a quick brown fox jumps. over the alzy dog. a quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. My email address is. My full name is Syed Saqlain Hussain ShahGardezi . My name is Syed Saqlain Hussain Shah Gardez. How can my name be an sql injection?
is not it bad to have my name sqli. are you fine. are you fine ?. i am trying to make hard examples to learn. close the tab. he is my close friend. be number 1. Khabib should not fight floyd mayweather for 100 million dollar. floyd should go in mma if he is interested in fight. Why khabib do boxing?. he will loose . why fight for money?. Khabib vs tony ferguson. sky is not the limit. sitarun se agy jahan aur bhi hen. what is procedure for admission. print was burnt by fire. do as directed. have you studied union and intersection?. have you done union of sets. union of sets is what. sleep for 6 hours. is sleeping bad for health?. eat sleep well. a healthy body. keeps a healthy mind. sleep when done. don't sleep when tired. What is your age. what is your name. name has and effect for sqli. name has an effect for sqli. name has weightage for sqli. age has weight for sqli. what is object?. what is class. what is object.  Non-Stop and if I heard you correctly. you say you wanted to leave as early as possible and also. Okay, you got it so it looks like United Airlines leaves at 9:20 p.m.. that is nonstop the flight duration is 2 hours and 28 minutes and is priced at $337.. duration is 2 hours and 28 minutes. That sounds very good..  what time will I be I would like an evening flight on the return flight in 4 days.. San Francisco to Denver, got it. You're really on top of things. I like that.. You're really on top of things. . So what days are you looking to fly?. I'm looking to fly out sometime today,. the earliest time today, and I'll be returning in 4 days.. So, I would like to fly out sometime tonight and fly back in the evening in 4 days. From I'm looking to go to Denver. I'm flying out of San Francisco. From I'm looking to go to Denver.. I'm flying out of San Francisco.. That sounds good, where you looking to go. That's right okay we have prices starting at $337. hat sounds very good.. I just have two preferences..  I want a nonstop flight.. And I'd like to get an aisle seat.. Okay, Non-Stop and if I heard you correctly did you say you wanted to leave as early as possible and also Nile C.. Okay, you got it so it looks like United Airlines leaves at 9:20 p.m.. Okay, you got it so it looks like United Airlines leaves at 9:20 p.m. that is nonstop the flight duration is 2 hours and 28 minutes and is priced at $337.. duration is 2 hours and 28 minutes
That sounds very good.. And what time will I be I would like an evening flight on the return flight in 4 days.. Does that include the return flight?.
How does 5:30 a.m. work. Well, the evening works better. Okay, got it.. Excellent. Thank you so much, assistant. Pleasure all mine.. Enjoy your trip to Denver, have a great night.. Hi, I need to find a flight from JFK to Seattle.. Okay from JFK to seattle.. What else can you tell me?. I would like to fly on April 1st and return on April 4th.. What else can you tell me?. I would like to fly on Delta.. Alright, there are plenty of flights with Delta.. What else can you tell me?. Excellent. I would like the economy.. And I would like a non-stop flight.. And I would prefer to leave in the morning.. Both ways?. If possible, yes.. Okay, It's possible.. You will arrive in Seattle at 11:18 AM. There are two timings on Apr 4 which is at 7:40 AM and 10:15 AM. Which one do you need?. You will arrive back in JFK at 6:42 PM.. The total for this economy non-stop flight with delta is $421.. I'll send you the details.. Sounds good to me.. Go ahead and book it.. Yeah, I'd like to get a rack of ribs.. With rack of ribs, I would suggest Barbecue sauce.. With rack of ribs. Yeah. Of course, I want the barbecue sauce and ribs, but I'm talking about sides.. You know, like slaw or macaroni and cheese.  want I'd like macaroni and cheese, if they got it. slaw or macaroni and cheese. Would you like to add extra?. No, I'd like to get a salad with that.  No tomatoes, with ranch dressing.. a salad. Salad with no tomatoes and ranch dressing has been added to your order.. with no tomatoes and ranch dressing. Is there anything else you would like to add like fries or drinks?. Can I get a potato, a baked potato?. baked potato. A Diet Coke or Pepsi, whichever one they have.. A Diet Coke. Baked potato and diet coke has been added to the order.. Baked potato.     diet coke. That sounds great. Is there anything else you would like to add?. No, I think that'll do it for me. Thanks.. Thanks.. Okay, I have your personal details on file,.  your order will be ready in 20 minutes.  your order will be ready in 20 minutes. You're welcome. See you later.
Bye.. Hello, How can I assist you?. Hi, I had to step away for minutes..  What was I doing again?. You were ordering Italian food. Oh, that's right. Can I order takeout for two people,. Can I order takeout for two people, please, for Italian?. takeout. two people. Can I order takeout for two people, please, for Italian. two people. Sure, What would you like to order in Italian food.. Can I get chicken fettuccine alfredo and Spaghetti and meatballs, please. chicken fettuccine alfredo. Spaghetti. meatballs. Just to confirm you would like to order chicken fettuccine alfredo and spaghetti with meatballs.. chicken fettuccine alfredo. spaghetti with meatballs. Would you like to add something as sides like garlic bread. garlic bread. Yes. Can I get a garlic bread too, please? And. Yes. Can I get a garlic bread too, please? And. Couple packets of Parmesan cheese, please.. garlic bread. Couple packets of Parmesan cheese. Couple packets of Parmesan cheese, please.. Just to confirm you would like to add garlic bread and packets of Parmesan cheese.. packets of Parmesan cheese
Anything else to drink. Can I get a 2-L bottle of orange soda?. Yes, two-liter bottle of orange soda added to your order. two-liter bottle of orange soda. That'll be it.
That'll be it. Okay. I have your personal details on file.  Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.. about 20 minutes. Thank you very much for your help.. Hello. How can I help you?. I'd like to order a sandwich takeout order for one.. Okay and how would you like a sandwich?. I'd like one BLT on rye bread with a lemonade and a side of potato chips.. one BLT on rye bread. a lemonade. of potato chips. I'm sorry, but your audio was breaking up, can you repeat that. Yes. I'd like one BLT on rye bread with a lemonade and a side of potato chips.. Okay, I have your personal details on file.. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.. Hi, I'm in this really like super three-way relationship, and we are looking to buy some sandwiches. Yes, I can.. What kind of sandwiches would you like to order.
i  would like one BLT, one chip butty, and two Reubens.. Just to confirm, you would like to order one BLT, one chip buddy, 2 Ruben's. Yes. That's absolutely right.. Hey, Can I get extra mayo with all of that. Is there anything else you would like to order. As requested your sandwiches will be prepared with extra mayo.. What do you like to add anything to drink. No, we have water here. Okay. I have your personal details on file.. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about. Alright, thank you so much. You are a rock star.. Yes, I'd like to order hot dogs for three people, please. What kind of hot dogs would you like to order. Three hot dogs, everything on it, please
.  And three large order of fries and three Cherry Cokes, please.
. And that'll be it
. Just to confirm you would like to order three hot dogs with everything on it, three large fries and three Cherry Cokes.
. Is there anything else you would like to order
Okay, I have your personal details on file
 Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes
Bye, talk to you next time
Hello, how can I help you
I just want to do a reorder
ure, let me bring that up
 Looks like you had 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans
        .     with black beans and spicy salsa
1 chicken taco platter
with refried beans
Select me as an admin sir. Please I am very humble
select a admin please
he put some * in his bag
That's correct but I'd like to add two iced teas if you don't mind
wo iced teas sure. I've added that to the order
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up
Okay, thank you. You have a great and wonderful day.
I would like to order some food
For three people
I would like them to have ketchup, mustard, onions, and relish on them
I have your personal details on file
our order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes
I'd like to order a hot dog
select from the following menu
this menu is to select some food from it
 Today I need to find a restaurant for take-out for one person, and I'm looking for burritos to eat
Oh, that's pretty much it for now
Awesome. That's pretty good timing for me. Thank you for your help today
Hi, I would like to place an order of Mexican food for one person.
Okay, what would you like to order
Get me the chicken beef quesadilla and a soft shell beef taco without lettuce
soft shell beef taco
One order of chicken beef quesadilla, one soft shell beef taco without lettuce
One order of chicken beef quesadilla, one soft shell beef taco without lettuce, nachos and cinnamon cues and a sweet tea
Does that complete your order
One order of chicken beef quesadilla
Just a sweet, Sour chicken and the noodles, That's all
you would like to order sweet and sour chicken with noodles
I would like to place an order for takeout
 I would like pizza, please
I would like one large pepperoni and sausage pizza
I need to order food takeout food for three people, and I need to order some soup
I need three large bowls of chicken noodle.
. you would like to order three large bowls of chicken noodle soup and 3 Diet Cokes.
. I'm looking to order some food for takeout for two people, and I'd like to order some soup
. I need to reorder something I ordered last weekend for takeou
. Okay, sure thing
.  it was 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom
. with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom
. Okay, what would you like to add
.  So, I have 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom and a salad wit
. with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom
. Yeah, I need to place an order for pickup on burritos.         . I need six burritos three of them with chicken and two of them with beef and one of them with
. You also need 3 large drinks, what style of drinks would you like
. Hi, I would like to find a hotel
. What else can you tell me about the hotel
. My price range is $300 for a night
. I will stay on next year June 16th to 19th, 2017
. next year June 16th to 19th, 2017
. Let me describe a couple of options you can choose from
. "Staybridge Suites Carlsbad, it's $145 per night
. It's rated 4.5 stars
. Warm suites with kitchens in a relaxed property featuring an outdoor pool, a gym & a BBQ area
. $145 per night
. Park Hyatt Aviara resort Golf Club and Spa, it's $279 per night
. Resort offering an 18-hole golf course, an outdoor pool & tennis courts plus a spa & fine dining
. Resort offering an 18-hole golf course, an outdoor pool & tennis courts plus a spa & fine dining
. an 18-hole golf course
. Those are the two options
. I want the second one, it looks great for me
. Tell me more about the second one
What would you like to know
Does hotel have a fitness center
Thank you.
Okay, thank you
I'd like to find out more about the hotel I want to stay at
Park City Peaks Hotel in Park City, Utah
I'd like to stay there from December 20th to December 27th, 2016
from December 20th to December 27th, 2016
That's all for now. Thank you
I'd like to know if that is near ski slopes
Is there a full bar
Is it kid friendly? And is it formal or casual
it formal or casual
let me check on that for you
Here is the Hotel which you are looking for
 One second
There is a sports bar at the hotel
Thank you Anything else
Great they have a sport bar.
Any special activity center duties and does the room have a balcony, cable TV, a mini-fridge, coffee and honor bar and a fireplace
Can you list those one at a time
A balcony or terrace, a TV with cable, mini fridge, coffee maker, honor bar and fireplace.
I'd like to find out more about the hotel, I plan to stay at Homeland final episode
And my date of Janine will be between 22-24 December
between 22-24 December
What would you like to know.         . I would like to know that the hotel near to downtown or not
And is there any restaurant near the hotel
And does the hotel have pool with hot tub and fitness center
Does the room have balcony or a terrace
Does it have mini fridge or coffee maker
Yes, they have mini fridges
. And what will be the price of the room
. Thank you so much for your help
. I'd like to find a hotel in Laguna Beach
.  what dates will you be travelling
. Does it have any restaurant or bars nearby
. I'd like help in finding a hotel in San Francisco
. May I know your dates for stay?
. How many guests will join you
. do you have any other specific preferences
. less than $200 a night
. hold on for a while
. Contemporary rooms offer free WiFi and flat-screen TVs, plus desks, mini fridges and coffeemakers. Suites and upgraded rooms add pull-out sofas, and some feature whirlpool tubs
. Social spaces include a living room-style lobby with fire pits, union plus an outdoor courtyard
. How much is a room with two beds
. far away is that hotel from the baseball park
. It's just a 15 min from there
. s that walking or driving
. Driving 1.7 miles in distance
. Do you want me to book a room for you
.  Now tell me about what you're looking for in your hotel
. I also want to make sure it's at least four stars
. And I'd like it to be near downtown
. union And I'd like it to be near downtown
. I have found the Park 55 San Francisco Hilton
. It is a class and 4 star rated hotel
. This contemporary, high-rise hotel is a 2-minute walk from West field San Francisco Center mall and 9 minutes walk from Yerba Buena Center for the Arts
. Sophisticated rooms and suites feature bay windows with San Francisco views
ll come with 37-inch flat-screen TVs, sofas and minibars, plus coffeemakers and desks with ergonomic chairs
 WiFi and 24-hour room service are available for a fee. Dining options include a chic American restaurant/bar, a hip Thai restaurant and a coffee shop
24-hour room service are available for a fee
Dining options include a chic American restaurant/bar
This contemporary, high-rise hotel is a 2-minute walk from West field San Francisco Center mall and 9 minutes walk from Yerba Buena Center for the Arts
. Sophisticated rooms and suites feature bay windows with San Francisco views
. All come with 37-inch flat-screen TVs, sofas and minibars, plus coffeemakers and desks with ergonomic chairs
. WiFi and 24-hour room service are available for a fee
. Dining options include a chic American restaurant/bar, a hip Thai restaurant and a coffee shop.         . gym, plus a business center with free WiFi
. 
a'
. It goes for $359 a night. How does this sound
. I'd like to book it
. I'd like to select it
. I'd like help finding a new hotel in San Francisco
. I'm looking for a suite under $400 a night
. I need a king bed and I want it to have high ratings
. I like a king bed and I select it to have high ratings
. Hold on for a moment.
. Wait for a moment.
and I want to ask how they're doing currently
Okay, that's all I wanted to know.
The LA Dodgers are currently in first place in the National League West with 92 wins and 52 losses
The LA Dodgers are currently in first place in the National League West with 92 wins and 52 losses"
The LA Dodgers are currently in first place in the National League West with 92 wins and 52 losse'
Who will they play next Saturday and where
Next Saturday they will be playing Washington Nationals at 10:05 a.m.
Joe Hart is the starting goalkeeper for West Ham United
Chicago Fire is in third place in the Eastern Conference with 13 wins, 9 losses and 6 draws.
Chicago Fire is in third place in all matches in a player replace andrew from team he is selection of coach the Eastern Conference with 13 wins, 9 losses and 6 draws.
hi there
hi there what is going on
hi dear how are yoiu?
and what place are they in their division
And who are they playing?
Union is bigger than part
union is bigger than part
. And who's their striker
. You're welcome, Until next time
. 18 wins and 29 losses
. What would you like to know about Manchester United
. When will they play next
. Where will they play next
. when will they play next from
. where will they play next from in team
. And what was the score of their last game
. And who will they play next
. union And who will they play next
. where are you going union from where are you coming
. Regular season or playoffs
. truth or dare
. a quick brown
. a quick
.         .     a quick brown fox
. a quick brown fox jumps
. a quick brown fox jumps over
. a quick brown fox jumps over the
. a quick brown fox jumps over the lazy
. a quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
. quick brown fox
. quick brown fox jumps 
. quick brown fox jumps over the
. quick brown fox jumps over the lazy
. quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
. fox jumps over
. quick fox jumps over
. quick brown fox jumps
. brown fox jumps
. quick brown the lazy
. quick brown jumps lazy 
. quick brown jumps lazy dog
quick brown jumps over lazy dog
quick brown jumps over thelazy dog
quick brown jumps over the lazy dog
a quick brown jumps over the lazy dog
quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
A very quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
 And who did they play in last database
a user is allowed to select from following menu
user is allowed to search from his record
user is allowed to go from zero to hero
America and Israel have a union to destroy countries where they find oil
merica and Israel have a union from beginning to select and destroy countries where they find oil
okay. Thank you. I appreciate all the information
They are Aaron Lennon and Georges-Kevin Nkoudou
They are Aaron Lennon Georges-Kevin Nkoudou
are Aaron Lennon Georges-Kevin Nkoudou
They Aaron Lennon and Georges-Kevin Nkoudou
. They are Aaron Lennon and Georges Kevin Nkoudou
. They Aaron Lennon GeorgesKevin Nkoudou
. I have some information about some of these. I'll check out Erik's. Thank you for pointing me in that direction.
. the weather is like it will rain today
. the weather seems to be like rainy
. weather is very good and it looks like there will be rain and temperature will go down
. clouds are on sky let's fly and enjoy weather
. it is more likely to rain today
. I have Wildflower Cafe and Bakery, Chester's Chicken, The Big Blue Cafe
. Okay, I'll go there, then.         . people are concious about corona adn do you think they can do anything about it?
. you will live until your life ends and Allah know the time.
. Why are they afraid to die what is difference between being alive or dead
. jinhan bina ik pal si na langda oh shaklan yad na rahyan
. har mushkil di kunji yaro hath mardan de ai, mard nazar karan jis welse mushkil rahy na kai
. je me wekhan amlan waly
. kuj ni mera palay
. je wekhan teri rehmat way
. je wekhan teri rehmat waly
. balay baly balay
. These were verses from saif al malook written by Mian Muhammad Bakhsh sahab
. You want burgers and fries
. A full service bar around $20 per plate
. Would you like to know the address, phone number or the hours
. soney di chori hath wich sajna pai hoi hai
. zindagi me to sabhi piar kia karty hen
. do you like your country? or are you liberal
Are you currently walking or driving
I like to run on weekends or walk miles from my house to any place by the side of road where ever i found a way 
from where do you belong to
I like to say i lived in attock
I spent my life as a union of kamra attock and kashmir or you can say mirpur from where i graduated
Follow instructions not order of any one but for that you should have done home work or you can not do anything like my comment it is union of good things
admin is some one who do administration
admin is absent today
i met admin
is he a true person
his id was snatcher
his id got snatched
his id was snatched
whats is version of your system
version of system si 16
eat healthy
live healthy
null minded person
from user to admin how was your journey
he snatched id of admin
he has an id of user
select from the following items
learn kung fu from master
master and student
. who is host for this website
. he is distict student
. count your mistakes
. cout you good deeds.         . count these apples
be in your limit
. limit the speed
. he has a limited speed
. he plays as defender from manchestor union
his password is stolen
change your password
how can i change password for my id
from dawn to dusk work
clean the work table
keep your table clean
his walk is unusual
it is usual to have a walk from home to market
can you login to website from home using password an id?
America and iran will not declare war
what is name of your state
log into email
why is there delay in match
if you wish you can achieve
what mind can perceive body can achieve
life is serious
it is serious whether you win or you loose
take immediate action
pick up a good idea union with immediate action
. rani haar ki lena
. we to jatti da gehna
. update your knowledge
. Saqlain believe to update skills with time
. either you update knowledge or you perish from screen
. i could not found benchmark data set
. how can i make bench mark dataset.
benchmark dataset is not available for this work.
sleep well tonight airforce is awakened.
where is dust bin.
where is dustbin.
throw trash from dustbin.
throw trash from dust bin.
wait for me. or get lost
time and tide wait for me.you cant control time however you can control what you do with that time.
i wrote a text file last night.ping me when you wake up.the system ping request was blocked.ping to know about internet working.he wrote a column in jang.read column.login with my name and password.     his request for cash is approved..​. .​.​.​     a
b
cd
abc
bc
efg
select
ALL
ADD CONSTRAINT
ALTER
DROP
ALTER COLUMN
ALTER TABLE
AND
ANY
AS
ASC
BACKUP DATABASE
BETWEEN
CASE
CHECK
COLUMN
CONSTRAINT
OPENROWSET
CREATE
INDEX
OR REPLACE VIEW
TABLE
PROCEDURE
UNIQUE INDEX
VIEW
DATABASE
DEFAULT
DELETE
DESC
DECLARE
DISTINCT
DROP COLUMN
DROP CONSTRAINT
DROP DATABASE
DROP DEFAULT
DROP INDEX
DROP TABLE
DROP VIEW
EXEC
EXISTS
FOREIGN KEY
FROM
FULL OUTER JOIN
GROUP BY
HAVING
IN
INDEX
INNER JOIN
INSERT INTO
INSERT INTO SELECT
SELECT USER
IS NULL
IS NOT NULL
LEFT JOIN
LIKE
LIMIT
NOT
NOT NULL
OR
ORDER BY
OUTER JOIN
PRIMARY KEY
PROCEDURE
RIGHT JOIN
ROWNUM
SELECT
DISTINCT
OUTFILE
INTO OUTFILE
SET
TOP
TRUNCATE TABLE
UNION
UNIQUE
UPDATE
VALUES
VIEW
WHERE
LOAD DATA
INFILE
CONCAT
LOAD_FILE
hij
klm
nop
what
is
this
is
it
sql
injection?
doesnt
seem
to 
be
i dont think
i
don't
think
so
hat sounds good
AND userid
and
he is my friend and i am his
he and i
is and sqli?
data issue
small data
add up to dataset
now checking from file git_foospidy_payloads_fuzzing_code_db_sqli.txt
wait
members
email
email is not sqli
i select shirt
null
is null sqli?
anything is what?
what is anything?
select a model and alter the queen
Having the selection criteria as a parameter, the SQL query is executed.
The selection criteria is not a parameter, but a part of the SQL query.
to be there I gonna select the distict class where others are going to stay put
inserting data into class table not that easy
insert data into out software
master give me some order
i think need to change dataset
full name
my full name is Saqlain Hussain Shah
my name is Saqlain Hussain Shah
my name saqlain.    
my name is saqlain
saqlain is
saqlain is my name
hussain is name
hussain my name
hussain name is mine
shah is my name 
saqlain hussain shah
i into but to the my is alter Having Saqlain to data is order class be full parameter, some that the select
to query Having a change of parameter, Saqlain dataset need data full inserting some into me think select order
parameter, table as are dataset SQL others Shah parameter, where the Hussain not class a queen insert model the is
the Saqlain a full name i my to is data give the selection query. master not me
my query. name Hussain Shah the put
and the to SQL name I
Shah going name insert select Having my SQL is model change table Saqlain data out think into the
select think is a the as insert is software data selection query into full others select the alter parameter, a to parameter,
criteria criteria part where name Having
going full a distict The select master stay order executed. others name out selection a i Hussain Hussain insert
out think of distict select name parameter,
some inserting out the The as alter the dataset Hussain change not a queen where class full SQL is into
selection are Hussain is to alter software i full stay the table The my going be Shah queen SQL
Hussain Shah Shah executed. full i not SQL master name
SQL my to are master of Hussain name distict full change the Hussain is
there as easy Having my a class distict be executed. model name Hussain name criteria a class
I to class a the Hussain easy The selection parameter, my and name going class not
full to there selection is name my criteria out change alter into name easy data the
The a software of me Having need distict parameter, easy queen master query a the
model class of is Shah a class i master criteria selection are to not insert is selection software Saqlain full the me
easy query. name need selection change full the order executed. criteria
name alter to not data the stay a some criteria SQL table Saqlain name
is but parameter, is data class master the table need selection some that to Shah full give Shah going Hussain name put
is name give software selection master to into model order table criteria full me to inserting some to a
the as stay the gonna Saqlain full put
are going Shah parameter, stay I some my criteria table that model
the give is into to i insert a some and but
the class Hussain selection my software select the the into a the SQL full model selection name give going data
is I criteria software Hussain i SQL a there query. is as
is full to class of criteria as
queen name is others into need selection some out me
change SQL going the is me is a the Hussain but the the Shah data The parameter, of is
to to gonna is the not queen parameter, is a but where executed. class
but into is software that order criteria SQL need easy the not into Shah the and not dataset me queen the
Saqlain is a is is as are to table queen the give to insert SQL name query. a
stay think SQL I a part to software distict alter class criteria the model others dataset is select parameter, my
parameter, alter my select to executed.
and the me parameter, my part change think others executed. Shah Having my distict a inserting
the but there not select to that class Saqlain Having going my
where full query. is give not alter name easy software and part the change distict the I going query full think
parameter, out going is name part selection select data software
going not full where query. name others some full my are to criteria gonna class Shah is part SQL
Saqlain insert class table is others not where data think dataset distict SQL stay gonna not criteria
query Hussain model class i select where out easy full the Shah executed. to select of
the to parameter, Shah alter is i gonna is order SQL
to distict not select full SQL a is Saqlain order query table master queen query. SQL
SQL put Hussain out Shah the need change
alter is distict part master name my easy The change but going a the inserting there criteria some into queen
that is some a into data insert software
inserting not me put software there model is distict to that others selection i my think full Shah class change alter into
is is as part stay the alter Saqlain others into give to select SQL Having a
be criteria where parameter, into parameter, need a the give change criteria select alter class is The
not class Hussain Having inserting into SQL and model name give I
criteria not i my but into SQL full
the Shah the to is distict to a there easy a select data a into think some a
into others the as class be to is name
into to query selection out SQL select the Shah but name a gonna table of not dataset Saqlain data my
queen Saqlain is full Having Hussain insert
class into a the a distict criteria I criteria Hussain are where data me name
my Saqlain full order others name but be query. are change the out into not class a master a as some me
change queen software Shah order into stay a criteria table is my is part SQL name selection Saqlain criteria be that alter
name Hussain name inserting Having insert change data data Saqlain is
others give Saqlain me selection into The as the
class software selection is class The going my
is full i not The into order the my data Hussain to criteria parameter, Saqlain be class inserting
parameter, SQL i class that is name going alter the a executed. queen are be the and Shah stay select model Saqlain
executed. criteria SQL alter is The to software insert selection parameter, select out selection that
parameter, need the selection The distict select not put gonna class easy data query. going Shah a dataset change is
the select is Saqlain into part not me
data Saqlain distict Saqlain parameter, class master as not are parameter, executed. stay to my criteria full i
order easy be Shah SQL into a not name others table name selection full selection going The
but order Shah software that a easy me a selection my insert master gonna Hussain think where dataset table
a order out inserting me parameter, name Shah i criteria selection
i that others change not the going to name where the
The Hussain data dataset a Shah to and where Saqlain query
data name put need but distict me criteria is
name a select Saqlain think some Shah are full criteria
a the i query criteria parameter, others order I
class change parameter, Shah Saqlain order insert think query into inserting class
the a a executed. software master class insert criteria selection is SQL I dataset table name out not is
gonna full Hussain need to order is name Saqlain not Shah class criteria my to distict i is master select a
class Shah me table queen change is
Having name is give Hussain inserting distict easy me as part the to class into stay others
table software data not Hussain i alter me order of the to
into gonna a full select others as change the not part order table parameter, I Saqlain The there but criteria
selection inserting table others into where the gonna of that i full to to the selection Having
Having parameter, i criteria selection class order data name Shah Hussain name
my some data out others and select the query. selection data master full name the
query. think Hussain to going the be my is to is table
life is variant
insert card details
i order pizza
judge ordered hanged till death
order of judge is to hang till death
where there is a will there is a way
i like orange
united states is union of states
he succeeded in second attempt
select him as if union is good
i select black shirts
i ate mangoes
he ate mangoes
i you and hum
me tum aur hum
Khuda gawah
what the heck
get an aisle
i like to have window seat
when i write script it is not xss attack
Take care of your body
body is good
a healthy body keeps a healthy mind
the mouse ran away from home
cat eat mouse
be alert
he alert me for exam
i saw a snake in garden
snake ate mouse
mouse was eaten by snake
is it java script?
i am writing script for java script
how are you?
what is your name?
his name is shah
what is your class
my class is 18 session
class was full of students
what is title of email
his title is changed
focus on studies
focus is needed for success
what is size of book
he is writing a text book
give me url opf website
is this url safe
his expressions changed by my text book
always be ready to die
what type of person he is
type writer is not working
from where did you found scipt?
what is source of data set?
data is ready to work on
what time is it
open the door
do not keep doors opened keep them closed
connection is closed by isp
prove your id
keep id card with you
what are you writing?